# VehicleValueProject
Rusty Bargain is a used car service that is developing an application to attract new customers. The purpose of the application is to allow individuals to quickly find out the market value of their car. For this project, we have access to historical data, including the technical specifications of various vehicles, trim versions, and vehicle prices. Our goal is to build a machine learning model that predicts the value of a vehicle. Rust Bargain is particularly interested in a model that can be quickly trained, produces accurate results, and is quick when making predictions.

**Summary**: In building our models, we first created a class that conducts cross validation using GridSearchCV while tuning hyperparameters; we only used this class for training Sklean models. For gradient boosting models, we manually tuned hyperparameters in order to avoid any possible complications that may result from the utilization of their relevant libraries with Sklearn's GridSearchCV.

Based on our tests, the model that performed the best was the CatBoostRegressor model; not only did it offer the best RMSE score, but it also only took 8 minutes to train. That being said, in training the model we manually iterated through 9 different values for 'learning_rate', which resulted in the cell requiring more time to complete the process; if we divide the amount of time it took to iterate through hyperparameters by the number of parameters tested, we find that CatBoostRegressor took under 1 minute to fit the model. It's interesting to note that not far from CatBoostRegressor is the LGBMRegressor. This algorithm produces scores slightly higher than CatBoostRegressor, yet the model training time was less than 6 seconds. 
